Logic & Creative Riddles
What disappears as soon as you say its name? – Silence

What can travel around the world while staying in a corner? – A stamp

I speak without a mouth and hear without ears. I have no body, but I come alive with wind. What am I? – An echo

The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I? – Footsteps

I'm tall when I'm young and short when I'm old. What am I? – A candle

What breaks but never falls, and what falls but never breaks? – Day and night

What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years? – The letter M

I have keys but no locks, space but no rooms, and you can enter but not go inside. What am I? – A keyboard

What word contains 26 letters but only three syllables? – Alphabet

What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, and has a bed but never sleeps? – A river

Forward I am heavy, but backward I am not. What am I? – The word “ton”

What occurs once in every minute, twice in every moment, but never in a thousand years? – The letter “m”

What question can you never answer yes to? – Are you asleep?

What can fill a room but takes up no space? – Light

What has a heart that doesn't beat? – An artichoke

When is a door not a door? – When it’s ajar

I am not alive, but I grow; I don’t have lungs, but I need air; I don’t have a mouth and water kills me. What am I? – Fire

What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs? – A penny

You see me once in June, twice in November, but not at all in May. What am I? – The letter “e”

What comes up but never goes down? – Your age

I have lakes with no water, mountains with no stone, and cities with no buildings. What am I? – A map

What has 13 hearts but no other organs? – A deck of cards

If you’re running in a race and pass the person in second, what place are you in? – Second place

What English word has three consecutive double letters? – Bookkeeper

What gets wetter as it dries? – A towel

Wordplay & Language Riddles
What type of cheese is made backward? – Edam

What five-letter word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it? – Short

What has many needles but doesn’t sew? – A Christmas tree

Which word in the dictionary is always spelled incorrectly? – Incorrectly

What starts with T, ends with T, and has T in it? – Teapot

The more you take out of me, the bigger I become. What am I? – A hole

What word begins and ends with "E" but only has one letter? – Envelope

What gets bigger the more you take away from it? – A hole

What building has the most stories? – The library

What two things can you never eat for breakfast? – Lunch and dinner

What is so fragile that saying its name breaks it? – Silence

What begins with an E and ends with an E but only has one letter? – Envelope

What word has no vowels but still makes sense? – Rhythm

What has six faces but does not wear makeup, has twenty-one eyes, but cannot see? – A die

What begins with P ends with E and has thousands of letters? – Post office

Math & Number Riddles
I am an odd number. Take away one letter and I become even. What number am I? – Seven

If two’s company, and three’s a crowd, what are four and five? – Nine

What three positive numbers give the same answer when multiplied and added together? – 1, 2, 3

If you multiply me by any number, the answer will always be the same. What number am I? – Zero

Divide 30 by half and add 10. What do you get? – 70

I’m a two-digit number. The tens digit is five more than the ones digit, and I’m less than 60. What am I? – 51

How can the number four be half of five? – IV is “half” of the word “five”

Find a number less than 100 whose digits add to 10. – 19 (or multiple answers)

If a rooster lays an egg on the roof, which way will it roll? – Roosters don’t lay eggs

What weighs more: a pound of feathers or a pound of bricks? – Neither; they weigh the same

Nature & Object Riddles
What has roots nobody sees, is taller than trees, up, up, up it goes, and yet never grows? – Mountain

What comes down but never goes up? – Rain

I am always moving but never get tired. What am I? – Wind

I’m hot in the day, gone at night, and help things grow. What am I? – The sun

The more there is, the less you see. What am I? – Fog

What has a neck but no head? – A bottle

What has teeth but cannot bite? – A comb

What flies without wings and can be lost with time? – Opportunity

What has an eye but can't see? – A needle

What has a bed but never sleeps? – A river

People & Life Riddles
Who has married many people but has never been married himself? – A priest

What belongs to you but is used more by others than yourself? – Your name

Two fathers and two sons are fishing; and each catches one fish, but only three fish are caught. How? – Grandfather, father, son

A man shaves several times a day, but still has a beard. Who is he? – A barber

What can you hold in your left hand but not in your right hand? – Your right elbow

What is full of holes but holds water? – A sponge

What has many keys but can't open a single lock? – A piano

What gets shorter as it grows older? – A candle

Which letter of the alphabet has the most water? – C

What test can you never study for? – A taste test

Challenging Tricky Riddles
What goes all around the world but stays in a corner? – A stamp

I have no life, but I can die. What am I? – A battery

A man is pushing his car along a road when he comes to a hotel. He shouts, “I’m bankrupt!” Why? – He’s playing Monopoly

What comes at the end of everything? – The letter “g”

I am easy to lift but hard to throw. What am I? – A feather

What can you keep after giving it to someone? – Your word

What is always in front of you but can't be seen? – The future

What has four wheels and flies? – A garbage truck

What kind of room has no walls or corners? – A mushroom

Two mothers and two daughters are riding in a car, but there are only three people. How? – Grandmother, mother, daughter

Advanced Word & Logic Riddles
What is at the end of a rainbow? – The letter “W”

What does everyone need, want, and ask for but never take? – Advice

What has many rings but no fingers? – A phone

What can be cracked, made, told, and played? – A joke

What runs but never gallops, has a mouth but never speaks, and a bed but never sleeps? – A river

What is so delicate that even mentioning it breaks it? – Silence

What has legs but cannot walk? – A table

What gets sharper the more you use it? – Your brain

What comes after wind and rain but before lightning and thunder? – The letter “N”

What is always in the middle of class? – The letter S

Miscellaneous Tough Riddles
What is always moving but never gets tired? – Time

What is orange and sounds like a parrot? – A carrot

What has one head, one foot, and four legs? – A bed

What is made to be broken? – A record

What is full of holes but still holds water? – A sponge

What comes at the start of a sentence, at the end of a book, and sometimes in the middle of a thought? – A period

The person who makes it, sells it. The person who buys it never uses it. The person who uses it never knows they’re using it. What is it? – A coffin

What breaks as soon as you say its name? – Silence

What gets bigger the more you take away from it? – A hole

What never asks a question but gets answered all the time? – A phone