Logic Riddles
What gets bigger the more you take away from it? – A hole

If you don’t keep me, I’ll break. What am I? – A promise

What belongs to you but is used by others more than by you? – Your name

The more you share me, the more I grow. What am I? – Knowledge

What can you keep after giving it to someone else? – Your word

Word Riddles
What starts with P, ends with E, and has thousands of letters? – The Post Office

What word contains 26 letters but only three syllables? – Alphabet

What begins with “e” and only contains one letter? – Envelope

What word has four letters, sometimes has nine, and never has five? – It’s a riddle statement

What word has no vowels but still makes sense? – Rhythm

Animal Riddles
What animal has four legs in the morning, two in the afternoon, and three in the evening? – A human (baby, adult, elderly with cane)

I live in the ocean, have eight legs, and squirt ink. What am I? – Octopus

I hoot at night, have big eyes, but I’m not a cat. What am I? – An owl

I’m the king of the jungle, but I’m not human. Who am I? – A lion

I go “moo,” give milk, and live on farms. What am I? – Cow

Math & Number Riddles
What is full of numbers but cannot add anything? – A phonebook

Two fathers and two sons went fishing. They each caught one fish. Only three fish were caught. How? – Grandfather, father, son

What three-digit number reads the same upside down? – 101 (or 808, 609 depending)

If you divide 30 by half and add 10, what do you get? – 70

I am less than 100. My tens digit is 6 more than my ones digit. I am 2 digits. What am I? – 97

Food Riddles
I’m cold, sweet, and loved in summer. What am I? – Ice cream

The more of me you slice, the more of me there is. What am I? – A loaf of bread

What kind of vegetable is always on a ship? – Leeks (sounds like leaks)

What fruit has its seeds on the outside? – Strawberry

What tree do you carry in your hand? – A palm

Everyday Objects
The more you use me, the duller I get. What am I? – A pencil

What has many teeth but can’t bite? – A comb

You can catch me but can never throw me. What am I? – A cold

What flies without wings and can be lost with time? – An opportunity

What has a neck but no head? – A bottle

Nature Riddles
What has roots nobody sees, is taller than the trees, and goes up but never grows? – A mountain

What comes down but never goes up? – Rain

I am always moving but never get tired. What am I? – Wind

I’m hot in the day, gone at night, and help things grow. What am I? – The sun

The more there is of me, the less you see. What am I? – Fog

Silly/Trick Riddles
What has fingers but no hands? – Gloves

I have lakes with no water, mountains with no rock, and roads with no cars. What am I? – A map

What has one horn and gives milk? – A milk truck

Why is six afraid of seven? – Because 7 ate 9

If you drop me I’m sure to crack, but give me a smile and I’ll smile back. What am I? – A mirror

School & Learning Riddles
What has lots of words but is never spoken? – A dictionary

What test do you take without studying? – An eye test

What kind of room has no windows or doors? – A mushroom

What letter of the alphabet has the most water? – The letter C

What gets passed around in school but never moves? – Homework

Quick & Short
What begins with N, ends with G, and is an activity you do at school? – Nothing

I’m tall when I’m young and short when I’m old. What am I? – A candle

What has four wheels and flies? – A garbage truck

You bought me for dinner but never eat me. What am I? – A plate

What has a bed but never sleeps? – A river