Logic Riddles
What has to be broken before you can use it? – An egg

The more of me you take, the more you leave behind. What am I? – Footsteps

I get wetter the more I dry. What am I? – A towel

The more you take out of me, the bigger I get. What am I? – A hole

What begins with T, ends with T, and has T in it? – A teapot

Word Riddles
What five-letter word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it? – Short

What word is spelled incorrectly in every dictionary? – Incorrectly

I’m always in front of you but you cannot see me. What am I? – The future

What has many keys but can’t open a lock? – A piano

What has words but never speaks? – A book

Animal Riddles
I fly at night, I’m not a bird, I use my ears instead of eyes. What am I? – A bat

The more you take away from me, the bigger I get. I live in the ground. What am I? – A mole hole

I’m slow on land but carry my house with me. What am I? – A snail

What animal can jump higher than a building? – Any animal (since buildings don’t jump)

I have a long trunk but I’m not a car. What am I? – An elephant

Math & Number Riddles
I’m an odd number. Take away one letter and I become even. What number am I? – Seven

If two’s company and three’s a crowd, what are four and five? – Nine

What three positive numbers give the same answer when multiplied and added together? – 1, 2, 3

If you multiply me by any number, the answer will always remain the same. What number am I? – Zero

I am a two-digit number. The tens digit is five more than the ones digit, and I am less than 60. What am I? – 51

Fun/Food Riddles
The more you eat, the bigger I get. What am I? – Your stomach

What kind of cup doesn’t hold water? – A hiccup

What has hands but can’t clap? – A clock

I’m round, cheesy, and topped with whatever you want. What am I? – Pizza

What kind of band never plays music? – A rubber band

Everyday Objects
What has a head, a tail, but no body? – A coin

The more you look at me, the less you see. What am I? – Darkness

If you drop me, I’ll crack. If you smile at me, I’ll smile back. What am I? – A mirror

What has one eye but cannot see? – A needle

The more you pull from me, the longer I get. What am I? – String

Nature Riddles
I fall but never rise. What am I? – Rain

The more you take away, the higher I get. What am I? – A mountain

What comes up but never comes down? – Your age

What is always running but has no legs? – A river

What gets bigger the more you share it? – Happiness

Trick & Silly Riddles
What can travel around the world while staying in a corner? – A stamp

I’m white and often served with bacon and toast. What am I? – An egg

What has one head, one foot, and four legs? – A bed

What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years? – The letter M

What gets sharper the more you use it? – Your brain

School Riddles
What has pages but isn’t a book? – A calendar

What is full of holes but still holds water? – A sponge

What comes at the end of a rainbow? – The letter W

What’s always in the middle of class? – The letter S

What is the smartest pencil? – A sharp one

Short and Quick
What begins with an E but only has one letter? – An envelope

What has an ear but cannot hear? – A cornfield

What has no beginning, no end, and no middle? – A circle

I fly without wings, I cry without eyes. Wherever I go, darkness follows me. What am I? – A cloud

The more you share me, the less I have. What am I? – A secret