Riddles and Puzzles
I am not alive, but I grow. I don’t have lungs, but I need air. I don’t have a mouth and water kills me. What am I?

A man pushes his car to a hotel and loses his fortune. What happened?

What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years?

What disappears as soon as you say its name?

How can the number four be half of five?

You measure my life in hours and I serve you by expiring. I’m quick when I’m thin and slow when I’m fat. The wind is my enemy. What am I?

I have cities, but no houses. Mountains, but no trees. Water, but no fish. What am I?

First you eat me, then you get eaten. What am I?

The person who makes it sells it. The person who buys it never uses it. The person who uses it never knows they’re using it. What is it?

What ancient invention allows people to see through walls?

How many seconds are there in a year?

What is so fragile that saying its name breaks it?

What belongs to you, but other people use it more than you do?

You see a house with two doors. One is guarded by Truth, the other by Lies. You may ask one question to gain safe passage. What do you ask?

What word is spelled incorrectly in every dictionary?

I am always hungry, I must always be fed. The finger I touch, will soon turn red. What am I?

I have keys but open no locks. I have space but no room. You can enter, but you can’t go outside. What am I?

The more you have, the less you see. What is it?

What can you hold in your right hand, but never in your left hand?

What has a bottom at the top?

What animal walks on all fours in the morning, two in the afternoon, and three in the evening?

What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?

What is always in front of you, but can’t be seen?

What breaks but never falls, what falls but never breaks?

What has a ring but no finger?

You see me once in June, twice in November, never in May. What am I?

What can travel around the world while staying in a corner?

What goes up but never comes down?

Before Mt. Everest was discovered, what was the highest mountain in the world?

What word begins and ends with an “e”, but only has one letter?

A man gave one son 10 cents and another son was given 15 cents. What time is it?

What gets wetter the more it dries?

What five letter word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it?

Which word in the dictionary is always spelled incorrectly?

How many months have 28 days?

What kind of room has no doors or windows?

What gets bigger the more you take away from it?

What has many teeth but can’t bite?

What can be caught but not thrown?

A cowboy rode into town on Friday. He stayed three nights and left on Friday. How is this possible?

What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?

What can you catch but not throw?

What gets sharper the more you use it?

There are two ducks in front of a duck, two ducks behind a duck and a duck in the middle. How many ducks are there?

What is full of holes but holds water?

A family has two parents and six sons. Each son has one sister. How many people are in the family?

Which is heavier: a pound of feathers or a pound of stones?

What has six faces, but does not wear makeup, and twenty-one eyes but cannot see?

What English word retains the same pronunciation, even after you take away four of its five letters?

I speak without a mouth and hear without ears. What am I?

What comes down but never goes up?

What can be seen once in a minute, twice in a moment, and never in a thousand years?

What runs around the whole yard without moving?

When is a door not a door?

What grows only upwards and never down?

If you drop me, I’m sure to crack, but give me a smile and I’ll smile back. What am I?

What is always moving, but never gets tired?

What goes all around the world but stays in a corner?

Forward I am heavy, but backward I am not. What am I?

What gets shorter as it grows older?

Where does today come before yesterday?

What has hands but can’t clap?

Which letter of the alphabet has the most water?

A truck driver is going down a one-way street the wrong way, and passes at least ten cops. Why is he not caught?

What gets sharper the more you use it and duller the more you don’t?

I am a word of letters three; add two and fewer there will be. What am I?

If you have it, you want to share it. Once you share it, you don’t have it. What is it?

What starts with “P”, ends with “E”, and has thousands of letters?

What can be cracked, made, told, and played?

What has one eye but cannot see?

What has many keys but can’t open a single lock?

What begins with T, ends with T, and has T in it?

If you have me, you want to share me. If you share me, you haven’t got me.

If you imagine you are in a sinking rowboat surrounded by sharks, what should you do?

What is so delicate that even mentioning it breaks it?

What has a neck, but no head?

A man went outside in the pouring rain without an umbrella or hat, but didn’t get a single hair on his head wet. Why?

What word looks the same upside down and backward?

David’s father has three sons: Snap, Crackle, and…?

What starts with E, ends with E, but only has one letter?

What comes at the end of everything?

What can you make but cannot see?

Which word in English is always pronounced incorrectly?

A farmer wants to cross a river with a wolf, goat, and cabbage, boat holds only one item at a time. How does he do it?

What is always in front of you but can never be seen?

What can be broken, but is never held?

What starts with a "t", ends with a "t", and has "t" in it?

What can fill a room but takes up no space?

What never asks a question but gets answered all the time?

What has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?

What never gets any wetter, no matter how much it rains?

The more you have of me, the less you see. What am I?

What begins with an E, ends with an E, and contains only one letter?

What gets bigger the more you take away?

What has a back but never sits?

What has an eye but cannot see?

I am full of holes but I can hold water. What am I?

What runs but doesn't walk?

What can run, but never walks; has a mouth but never talks; has a head but never weeps; has a bed but never sleeps?

What kind of tree can you carry in your hand?

Answers
Fire

He’s playing Monopoly

The letter “M”

Silence

IV (Roman numeral for 4 is half of FIVE)

Candle

Map

Fishhook

Coffin

Window

12 (Jan 1st, Feb 2nd, etc.), or interpret “seconds” carefully

Silence

Your name

“If I asked the other guard which door is safe, what would he say?” and go opposite.

Incorrectly

Fire

Keyboard

Darkness

Your left hand

Legs

Human

River

The future

Day and night

Phone

The letter “e”

Stamp

Age

Mount Everest

Envelope

A quarter to two

Towel

Short

Incorrectly

All months

Mushroom

A hole

Comb

Cold

His horse’s name is Friday

Coin

Cold

Mind

Three

Sponge

Nine

Neither—they weigh the same

Dice

Queue

Echo

Rain

The letter “M”

Fence

When it’s ajar

Tree

Mirror

Time

Stamp

Ton (not)

Candle

Dictionary

Clock

C

He’s walking

Brain

Few

Secret

Post Office

Joke

Needle

Piano

Teapot

Secret

Stop imagining

Silence

Bottle

He’s bald

NOON

David

Envelope

The letter “g”

Noise

Incorrectly

Goat first, cabbage over, goat back, wolf over, goat back

The future

Promise

Teapot

Light

Telephone

River

The sea

Darkness

Envelope

Hole

Chair

Needle

Sponge

Water

River

Palm