Permission justification
A permission is either one of a list of known strings, such as "activeTab", or a match pattern giving access to one or more hosts.
Remove any permission that is not needed to fulfill the single purpose of your extension. Requesting an unnecessary permission will result in this version being rejected.

Due to the Host Permission, your extension may require an in-depth review which will delay publishing.

storage justification
0/1,0000 of 1000 characters entered
alarms justification
0/1,0000 of 1000 characters entered
Host permission justification
0/1,0000 of 1000 characters entered
A host permission is any match pattern specified in the "permissions" and "content_scripts" fields of the extension manifest
Are you using remote code?
No, I am not using Remote code
Yes, I am using Remote code
Justification
0/1,0000 of 1000 characters entered
Remote code is any JS or Wasm that is not included in the extension's package. This includes references to external files in <script> tags, modules pointing to external files, and strings evaluated through eval()
Data usage
The content of this form will be displayed publicly on the item detail page. By publishing your item, you are certifying that these disclosures reflect the most up-to-date content of your privacy policy.

What user data do you plan to collect from users now or in the future? (See FAQ for more information)

Personally identifiable information
For example: name, address, email address, age, or identification number

Health information
For example: heart rate data, medical history, symptoms, diagnoses, or procedures

Financial and payment information
For example: transactions, credit card numbers, credit ratings, financial statements, or payment history

Authentication information
For example: passwords, credentials, security question, or personal identification number (PIN)

Personal communications
For example: emails, texts, or chat messages

Location
For example: region, IP address, GPS coordinates, or information about things near the user’s device

Web history
The list of web pages a user has visited, as well as associated data such as page title and time of visit

User activity
For example: network monitoring, clicks, mouse position, scroll, or keystroke logging

Website content
For example: text, images, sounds, videos, or hyperlinks
I certify that the following disclosures are true:

I do not sell or transfer user data to third parties, outside of the approved use cases

I do not use or transfer user data for purposes that are unrelated to my item's single purpose

I do not use or transfer user data to determine creditworthiness or for lending purposes
You must certify all three disclosures to comply with our Developer Program Policies
Privacy policy
An extension must have a privacy policy if it collects user data. Learn more

Privacy policy URL*
0/2,0480 of 2048 characters entered